point1 OK Oklahoma
point2 OK Tulsa
point3 TN Knoxville
point4 GA Atlanta
point5 NV Reno
point6 AZ Flagstaff
point7 AZ Phoenix
point8 AZ Tucson 
point9 TN Jackson 
point10 AR Little Rock 
point11 CA Los Angeles 
point12 CA San Diego 
point13 CO Pueblo 
point14 CO Denver 
point15 DC Washington 
point16 FL Key West 
point17 FL Miami 
point18 FL Orlando 
point19 FL Tampa 
point20 ID Boise 
point21 IL Chicago 
point22 IL Springfield 
point23 KS Goodland 
point24 KY Paducah 
point25 LA New Orleans 
point26 ME Bangor 
point27 ME Caribou 
point28 ME Portland 
point29 MD Baltimore 
point30 MI Detroit 
point31 MI Marquette 
point32 MN Duluth 
point33 MN Minneapolis 
point34 MS Tupelo 
point35 MO St Louis 
point36 MT Billings 
point37 MT Butte 
point38 MT Glasgow 
point39 MT Missoula 
point40 NV Elko 
point41 NV Las Vegas 
point42 NM Albuquerque 
point43 NY Albany 
point44 NY Buffalo 
point45 NY Syracuse 
point46 NY New York 
point47 ND Bismarck 
point48 ND Fargo 
point49 ND Minot 
point50 OH Cleveland 
point51 OH Columbus 
point52 OH Toledo 
point53 OR Portland 
point54 PA Erie 
point55 PA Philadelphia 
point56 PA Pittsburgh 
point57 CT Hartford 
point58 SD Sioux Falls 
point59 TN Nashville 
point60 TX Austin 
point61 TX Brownsville 
point62 TX Dallas 
point63 TX El Paso 
point64 TX Midland 
point65 TX Houston 
point66 TX San Antonio 
point67 UT Salt Lake City 
point68 WA Spokane 
point69 WI Milwaukee 
point70 VA Richmond 
point71 PR San Juan 
point72 VI St Thomas 
point73 VI St Croix 
point74 AK Anchorage 
point75 AK Barrow 
point76 AK Fairbanks 
point77 AK Juneau 
point78 AK Nome 
point79 MO Kansas City 
point80 NE Lincoln 
point81 KS Topeka 
point82 TX Wichita Falls 
point83 KS Wichita 
point84 SC Greenville 
point85 WV Charleston 
point86 VA Roanoke 
point87 NC Charlotte 
point88 GA Macon 
point89 GA Augusta 
point90 CA Redding 
point91 AL Birmingham 
point92 AL Huntsville 
point93 AZ Yuma 
point94 AR Jonesboro 
point95 AR Texarkana 
point96 CA Fresno 
point97 CO Durango 
point98 CO Grand Junction 
point99 FL Ocala 
point100 FL Palm Beach 
point101 ID Twin Falls 
point102 IL Peoria 
point103 IN Evansville 
point104 IN Fort Wayne 
point105 IN Lafayette 
point106 IN Indianapolis 
point107 IN South Bend 
point108 IA Des Moines 
point109 KS Dodge City 
point110 KS Liberal 
point111 KY Louisville 
point112 LA Baton Rouge 
point113 LA Lake Charles 
point114 LA Shreveport 
point115 ME Rumford 
point116 ME Eastport 
point117 ME Millinocket 
point118 MA Worcester 
point119 MI Alpena 
point120 MI Port Huron 
point121 MI Ironwood 
point122 MI Lansing 
point123 MI Saginaw 
point124 MI Sault St Marie 
point125 MN International Falls 
point126 MS Jackson 
point127 MO Columbia 
point128 MO Poplar Bluff 
point129 MO Springfield 
point130 MT Havre 
point131 MT Helena 
point132 MT Kalispell 
point133 NE Hastings 
point134 NE North Platte 
point135 NV Ely 
point136 MA Concord 
point137 NM Roswell 
point138 NY Elmira 
point139 NY Rochester 
point140 NC Greenville 
point141 NC Newport 
point142 NC Cape Hatteras 
point143 NC Raleigh-Durham 
point144 ND Grand Forks 
point145 OH Cincinnati 
point146 OH Dayton 
point147 OR Pendleton 
point148 OR Roseburg 
point149 OR Salem 
point150 SC Florence 
point151 SC Columbia 
point152 SD Aberdeen 
point153 SD Pierre 
point154 SD Rapid City 
point155 SD Watertown 
point156 TN Memphis 
point157 TN Lewisburg 
point158 TX Lufkin 
point159 TX Amarillo 
point160 TX Abilene 
point161 TX Lubbock 
point162 TX San Angelo 
point163 TX Waco 
point164 VT Rutland 
point165 VT Burlington 
point166 WA Olympia 
point167 WA Seattle 
point168 WI LaCrosse 
point169 WI Madison 
point170 WI Oshkosh 
point171 WI Rhinelander 
point172 WY Douglas 
point173 WY Rawlins 
point174 WY Yellowstone 
point175 WY Riverton 
point176 VA Norfolk 
point177 VA Charlottesville 
point178 CA San Jose 
point179 PR Vieques 
point180 HI Hilo 
point181 HI Honolulu 
point182 HI Lihue 
point183 HI Kahului 
point184 HI Kona 
point185 AK Adak 
point186 AK Bettles 
point187 AK Ketchikan 
point188 AK McGrath 
point189 AK Seward 
point190 GU Guam 
point191 GU Rota 
point192 GU Tinian 
point193 GU Saipan 
point194 MO St Joseph 
point195 AR Fayetteville 
point196 AR Fort Smith 
point197 OK Enid 
point198 NE Omaha 
point199 KS Salina 
point200 OK Ardmore
